The system class is composed in part of a container of processes,
and each process is in fact a little bit like its own little system.
Each process has a process ID,
it has a user that instantiated the process,
it has a command that was used to kick off the process.
Each process has its own CPU utilization,
the same way that the system has its own CPU utilization,
each process has its own memory utilization,
has its own uptime.
We actually define a sort function so it's easy to
sort the processes by which is the most active.
If we look at the implementation of the process,
you can see right now we have
entirely dummy implementations of all these member functions for the process.
But you would look up data for the process largely
the same way that you would look up data for the system,
or at least in a very similar way.
So if we look for example at the directories within proc,
we see that 1460 is a directory.
So if we look within /proc/1460,
we see a whole bunch of subdirectories including things like stat and status,
and if we cat /proc/1460/stat,
that will give us some information about CPU utilization of the process.
If we look at /status,
that will give us some information about memory,
and other utilization of the process if we look at let's see,
/command line,
that will tell us that this process got kicked off by this particular command line.
So a lot of what we're going to do in order to get information about the process is very
similar to the type of
file parsing that we have done to get information about the system,
and then we can store that information in the process object,
or just like we decided to do with the system we might decide to
have the process member functions simply be
parse throughs to functions within the Linux parser namespace.
It's really up to you as you implement
the process class whether you want to store data within the process class,
or how much data to store,
and how much to simply parse through and
parse the file system every time you want to get more data.
But each process should have its own set of information,
and particularly around CPU utilization and RAM memory usage,
we want to be able to sort the process so that we can list
the processes that are either using the most RAM or the most CPU utilization,
it's up to you how exactly you want to sort the processes.
But by overloading the less than operator,
we're able to core sort on the container of
processes and return the processes in sorted order.